For much too long, I’ve held it in.
It weighs me down and clouds my sight.
This grudge I’ve held since I was hurt,
I’ve held it close.
That’s just not right.
That’s never right.
But now it’s time to find a way,
To find a way to let it go,
To just forgive and make amends,
Be close again, be friends again.
Whatever hurt I might forgive,
Whatever wrong that I let go,
I realize they don’t compare
With God’s free gift—the love he shows.
What love he shows!
But now it’s time to find a way,
To find a way to let it go,
To just forgive and make amends,
Be close again, be friends again.
I’ll make the first move.
I won’t delay, not one more day.
It’s time for both of us
To be OK.
We’ll be OK.
Jehovah loves the two of us.
He wants to see our friendship grow.
When I forgive, my heart is light.
So I’ll forgive and let it go.
Just let it go.
But now it’s time to find a way,
To find a way to let it go,
To just forgive and make amends,
Be close again, be friends again,
Be close again, be friends again.
I’ll make the first move.